add trusted_origins support for selective credential handling (#7853)
apollographql/router: docs/source/routing/cloud/configuration.mdx

- You must use policies with `origins` + `match_origins` if clients need to [authenticate their requests with cookies](#passing-credentials).

The following snippet includes an example of each option (use either `allow_any_origin`, or `policies` with specific origins):

```yaml
cors:
  # Set to true to allow any origin
  # (Defaults to false)
  allow_any_origin: true

  # List of CORS policies with specific origins and settings
  # (Ignored if allow_any_origin is true)
  # (Defaults to allowing GraphOS Studio: `https://studio.apollographql.com`)
  #
  # An origin is a combination of scheme, hostname and port.
  # It does not have any path section, so no trailing slash.
  policies:
    - origins:
        - https://www.your-app.example.com
        - https://studio.apollographql.com # Keep this so GraphOS Studio can run queries against your router
    - origins:
        - https://api.example.com
      match_origins:
        - 'https://([a-z0-9]+[.])*api[.]example[.]com' # any host that uses https and ends with .api.example.com
```

> You can also disable CORS entirely by setting `policies` to an empty list:

Reviewer: I would suggest a different wording here - both "turn off" and "disable" might cause inexperienced devs to think "if I do this, I don't have to deal with CORS anymore", where in reality, CORS itself cannot be disabled as it's a browser security feature.

```suggestion
You can also forbid CORS requests entirely by setting `policies` to an empty list:
```
